# CYBER-BULLYING-DETECTION-SYSTEM-A-BERT-IMPLEMENTATION-
This project is about the analysis of tweets about cyberbullying, with the goal of performing a Sentiment Analysis using Bidirectional LSTM and BERT on PyTorch to predict if a tweet is about cyberbullying or not.


##  DESCRIPTION  
Millions of young people spend their time on social networking, and the sharing of information is online. Social networks have the ability to communicate and to share information with anyone, at any time, and in the number of people at the same time. There are over 3 billion social media users around the world. According to the National Crime Security Council (NCPC), cyberbullying is available online where mobile phones, video game apps, or any other way to send or send text, photos, or videos deliberately injure or embarrass another person. Cyberbullying can happen at any time all day, week and you can reach anyone anywhere via the internet. Text, photos, or videos of cyberbullying may be posted in an undisclosed manner. It can be difficult, and sometimes impossible, to track down the source of this post. It was also impossible to get rid of these messages later. Several social media platforms such as Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Snapchat, Skype, and Wikipedia are the most common bullying sites on the internet. Some of the social networking sites, such as Facebook, and the provision of guidance on the prevention of bullying. It has a special section that explains how to report cyber-bullying and to prevent any blocking of the user. On Instagram, when someone shares photos and videos made by the user to be uncomfortable, so the user can monitor or block them. Users can also report a violation of our Community and make Recommendations to the app. As the social lifestyle exceeds the physical barrier of human interaction and contains unregulated contact with strangers, it is necessary to analyze and study the context of cyberbullying. Cyberbullying makes the victim feel that he is being attacked everywhere as the internet is just a click away. It can have mental, physical, and emotional effects on the victim. Cyberbullying mainly takes place in the form of text or images on social media. If bullying text can be distinguished from non-bullying text, then a system can act accordingly. An efficient cyberbullying detection system can be useful for social media websites and other messaging applications to counter such attacks and reduce the number of cyberbullying cases. The objective of the cyberbullying detection system is to identify the cyberbullying text and also take its meaning into consideration. One first analyzes the various aspects of a particular text and then applies the previous information or visuals to find the context of the text. There is a need to create a personalized system that can access such a text effectively and efficiently.

